#labels Featured,Phase-Support
== Change Log ==

<hr>
<font size="1">ver. *a*.*b*.*c*.*d*.*e*</font><br>
<font size="1">*a* = major version</font>
<br><font size="1">*b* = milestone goal reached</font>
<br><font size="1">*c* = todo enhancements and feature additions</font>
<br><font size="1">*d* = bugs and more involved fixes</font>
<br><font size="1">*e* = hotfix (minor changes and platform specific issues)</font><br>

<hr>

Head = [http://sigsno.org/footnotereap/FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.5.1.zip v0.0.1.5.1] (2014-09-22)
  * Fixed broken build - updated code so it's compatible with new Fold3 URLs


[http://code.google.com/p/footnotereap/downloads/detail?name=FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.5.zip v0.0.1.5] (2013-04-20)
  * Compatibility Build — should run on all versions of Windows 7 (see r90)
  * Found and resolved several timing issues (using bindings based on WinWaits and other definitive knowns rather than magic number timeouts in Sleep() calls - see r90) 
  * Fixed several console issues (see r92)
  * Miscellaneous bug fixes


[http://code.google.com/p/footnotereap/downloads/detail?name=FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.4%20%28v2%29.zip v0.0.1.4] (2013-02-08)
  * Numerous modifications to attempt to solve issue 6, issue 14, and issue 18. (see r73 2.E)
  * On program restart, improved capacity to check whether the current URL is a part of the last batch of downloaded files, a part of a previous batch of downloaded files, or if the person is starting from a new URL. So, in affect, footnotereap more tightly pairs the current URL with the correct directory so it doesn't overwrite old data or miss new data. (see r73 2.F and 2.D)
  * Minor bug fixes (directory partial match issue - r73 2.C, cleaning text on clipboard - r73 2.A, and more)
  * FootnoteReap.lnk switches user back to release mode (low debug output). FootnoteReapDbg.lnk switches users to verbose output.


[http://code.google.com/p/footnotereap/downloads/detail?name=FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.3.zip v0.0.1.3] (2012-11-24)
  * Testing modifications to address issue 6 (Filename/Path gets prematurely shortened in the Save As dialog). Try setting gWaitDelay in the registry to a value higher than 250 if the application is missing clicks or advancing too quickly. (see r65)
  * Fixes to issue 22 (Incorrect date format (year.month) where month is >12) (see r65)
  * The debug script now saves registry entries between runs, better categorizes log files, and the batch has been updated to auto-save IE version, reg values, and other system data each run (see r66)


[http://wiki.razing.net/footnotereap/FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.2.3.zip v0.0.1.2.3] (2012-02-18, Hotfix)
  * Fixed: Line 11298 (File "C:\Users\Extreme\Desktop\Footnote\footnote.exe"): Error: Variable used without being declared''
  * Modified launch scripts


[http://wiki.razing.net/footnotereap/FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.2.2.zip v0.0.1.2.2] (2012-02-17, Hotfix)
  * Recompiled the executable as a console application and disabled embedded kernel32.dll calls. The logger is now always enabled. All output should be capturable through STDOUT. The gLoggerEnabled REG_DWORD is now deprecated.
  * Fixed dynamic directory creation. FootnoteReap should now correctly detect "page 1" and "page 1.jpg" in the "Save As" dialog.
  * Added a new emergency exit hotkey (ALT+CTRL+SHIFT+E) and resolved a logic bug that should have prevented the application from ever working.


[http://wiki.razing.net/footnotereap/FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.2.1.zip v0.0.1.2.1] (2011-10-03, Hotfix)
  * Now detects "Save As" and "Select location for download ..." after clicking "Entire Image"


[http://wiki.razing.net/footnotereap/footnote_v0.0.1.2.exe v0.0.1.2] (2011-08-21)
  * GUI fixes (the start/resume and initialize button toggles correctly now; and the 'about' dialog anchors properly to the main window in all cases)
  * improved logging tool / better debug features (to help detect and prevent infinite loops -- see "[http://code.google.com/p/footnotereap/#Tips tips]")
  * fixed several race conditions where the application would get stuck:
    * trying to rediscover the "Entire Image" button,
    * when resolving "Confirm Save As" during a collision, and 
    * an instance where the download would wait indefinitely for the data pump to start when the pipe was inactive 


[http://wiki.razing.net/footnotereap/footnote_v0.0.1.1.exe v0.0.1.1] (2011-08-20)
  * bug fixes (better directory handling and more)
  * using "ALT+D" now instead of "CTRL+L" for greater compatibility


[http://wiki.razing.net/footnotereap/FootnoteReap_v0.0.1.0.zip v0.0.1.0] (2011-08-19)
  * Basic feature set functional (downloading, resuming, recovery cases, automated directory creation, etc)
  * Global hotkeys (F10 - start, F11 - pause)
  * Logging feature set
  * Simple statistics (page and doc counts)
  * Identifies new documents not previously stored in CSV.